hello it's Ruby and today I am showing
you another study with me but this one
is from Thursday and I'm just starting
off by showing you what I had for dinner
that night and I actually ate at 4:30
this evening because we were going to a
Sikh forum open evening for my sister I
started off by doing these chemistry
questions which I started in class and
then I just went through and marked it
then I went on to planning an essay for
Ethics
[Music]
then we had to leave at half five which
is why I sucked a gap in the time we got
back at nine and I started off then by
writing up my notes for chemistry from
that day these notes are on entropy I
think entropy is just a really
interesting concept and I'd read about
it in the elegant universe I read about
it in Euratom I found it really
fascinating so I think it's really cool
that I'm able to learn about it now in
chemistry so after that I went on to
actually write the essay on ethics which
I had learned before I left for the
opening thing and I know that I was
working quite late this evening but
that's only because I was out that I
wanted to get all of my homework from
that evening done
[Music]
then I did take a break apps about five
parts just to publish this video which
was Tuesday's study with me which went
up last week then I went back to
finishing my essay and there is a
massive jump in the time I just realized
I'm pretty sure that I was working for
that period because I don't remember
doing anything else
[Music]
so after I'd finished that essay it was
about half 11 nearly half 11 and then I
stopped work this is really late for me
to work on a school night I read never
usually work this mate so thank you for
watching and have a productive week